nice of you to back ps3 gamer here and
today i'm going to show you guys how can
get this plan on GTA online after patch
1.09 so first of all what you guys want
to do is have your spawn kitchen as last
location and then you guys want to press
Start and go to place they should store
and sign up
once you gather in single player you
guys not suited with the airport and get
in a plan that you want to basically you
a lot of parking exactly I'm on one part
so we get you have you guys have to be a
little quicker want to do online CSS big
big horrible disappear to the gate like
anything I can enter it quickly and get
up here in the plane before it
disappeared
but you guys when I are exactly like
this
that's pretty much it and then you guys
one on fight back
Oh
and they have it jumbo jet one is no
line after patch 1.09 thank you guys for
watching please don't forget to Like
comment and squash pizza